(Kinda) peed myself in public

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2025-11-01 15:48

So I’ve never had anything like this happen to me before, and honestly, it turned out to be a little exhilarating. I’m a university student, and so oftentimes I find myself in the library for most hours of the day just there to crank out work. On this particular day last week, I was wearing very basic uni attire, baggy sweatpants, a t-shirt and a baggy hoodie, and was working away at a desk next to a friend of mine.

At some point - can’t remember if it was late morning or early afternoon - I went over to the men’s bathroom, not particularly desperate or anything, to take a leak. Our bathroom there is situated with three urinals and one stall, and the only urinal open was the one in the corner, so I go to that. Given that there were at least 3 or 4 other guys in there with me, there was a good amount of noise going on in there. So I go to take a leak….

Quick warning: next paragraph talks about some male body part shenanigans.

—

Now, quick biology lesson. When a guy has some sort of sexual activity going on earlier in the past 24 hrs, they can sometimes get a tiny little amount of…..stuff….still stuck inside their tip, which can solidify and sometimes create a small-ish blockage. I happen to be an unfortunate victim of this situation in this circumstance.

—

So I take out my guy and go to pee. I realize almost immediately that there was a blockage, since my stream is being directed more upwards than usual. So, I try pushing a little harder, since extra pressure can usually help in breaking up those blockages. BIG mistake. I watch m the stream’s pressure increasing, but nothing else coming through. That’s when I notice a faint little splashing of wetness near my ankle. I stop and look over my hoodie to see a small puddle actively growing at my feet. I’m a little surprised and unsure what happened. I look a little further, and lo and behold, there’s about a baseball sized wet patch on the crotch of my sweatpants. My eyes widen, and I stay silent. It was a double stream!! There wasn’t any breakage when I pushed harder because it was already going through two holes!! How did I not notice this quicker?? I thought to myself.

I stood there for a solid moment just in shock that I just did that, surrounded by other guys at that. Thankfully, as I mentioned before, there was a good amount of noise already in there. So, fingers crossed, Im hoping that no one heard the pitter-patter onto the floor. My only concern was if the guy next to me saw anything happen on the floor under the divider.

Eventually, I fix the issue and finish peeing. As soon as I was done, I started taking off my hoodie to cover myself. Thankfully, the wet patch wasn’t too large, and didn’t run down my leg or anything (somehow) so I tied my hoodie around my backside so the front would be completely covered. Also DOUBLE thankfully that even had my hoodie on in the first place! If I had nothing at that moment, idk what I would’ve done! Maybe I could’ve waited for people to leave, but either way, I was in the commonplace of the library, there would’ve been way too many people to discretely cover it up!

So, to not look suspicious, I just least the urinal, washed my hands, and went back to the desk. I had planned to stay there most of the day to study anyways, so now I was stuck sitting at the desk with hoodie around me for a good while. I had to do my best throughout the day to make sure it never showed to my friend, but also to ensure it would dry at some point.

Later, maybe 2.5 hours after it happened, I managed to access a single person bathroom to assess the damage from earlier. At this point, the wet patch had grown to cover about 2-3 times the area it was before! It was an incredible sight to see, I wish I’d gotten a picture of it, but was too worried about it at the time to think about that. I try damping up whatever I can of it, retie my hoodie, and go back to studying.

Fortunately for me but unfortunately for the story, that’s about all that ends up happening! I check back another hour or two later and by that point it’d disappeared, except for one tiny dot, and left no visible stain. I will say however, this whole experience really intrigued the exhibitionist side of me. I couldn’t help but notice every person walk by my desk, knowing full well they couldn’t see anything, but still feeling the drying wet spot throughout the day. It was a very thrilling feeling that came out of something inherently accidental. Maybe some day I’ll try this again, only next time intentionally…. ^_^

