It finally happened: I couldn't undo my belt

Author: orbgon

*000*2025-11-09 15:11

So years and years ago, when I first started discovering omo content online, I used to look up a lot of "stuck zipper" stories because they seemed to be one of the easiest ways to find stories of genuine accidents and the idea turned me on but truthfully, I could never quite understand how it's possible to not be able to take down your pants at all.

Well, now I know.

Yesterday afternoon I went to a large scale public event/fair with my best friend. I was wearing a cyan-coloured padded jacket and very light blue jeans, and, crucially, a new belt I'd never worn before with a bit of a weird mechanism I've never used before to undo it.

For context, before going to the event and meeting my friend there, I was at a coffee shop for a couple of hours, where I bought a large-sized coffee bigger than I usually have, accidentally spilled most of it and got a replacement, which meant I drank not just the large coffee but also the little bit that wasn't spilled from the original drink (about 1/4th of it). For reference the size of a large drink is similar to the largest size you'd find at Starbucks or similar chains.

Anyway, we spend the afternoon at the fair, go around, chat with a few people and so on. My friend had been dropped there by her boyfriend, so I was going to drive her home. By now the earlier coffees had found their way to my bladder and I had a pressing, but not super urgent, need. I told my friend I was going to use the toilet before we go and left her chatting with someone we met but as one might expect at such a large event, the line for the ladies' was massive so after waiting a couple of minutes, I decided to wait and rejoined her. Since I was going to take her home, she said I could go up to her apartment and use the bathroom there when we got home and then we'd hang out a bit more.

Now I am quite sensitive to coffee, so although the need was "just" pressing when we left, during the car ride (around 20-25 minutes) it got quite urgent quickly. I didn't think I was in any risk of having an accident, but I did spend the second half of the trip fidgeting and with a hand semi-permanently holding myself.

Anyway, we parked, got into the building. My friend, a bit amused, remarked that we were almost there (I was full on potty dancing in the elevator). She opened the door and I sprinted to the bathroom, closed the door behind me and... I discovered I don't know how to undo my new belt.

Eventually I found out that what happened was that I had accidentally worn the belt the wrong way round, so the mechanism I couldn't find was at the bottom and hidden behind the buckle, and I had to push it out rather than in since it was the wrong way round. But of course this did not occur to me immediately. Being so close to the toilet, my need immediately dialled up to "MUST PEE NOW" full scale desperation and within a couple of failed attempts to take off the belt started full on panicking. I did not think (or was too embarrassed) to ask my friend for help. I spent around one and a half or two minutes struggling to undo it, even tried to pull my pants and panties down with the belt still done, but it was impossible.

And then, not even realising I lost control at first, I suddenly felt the inside of my leg very warm. I froze and pretty much full on peed my pants for ages. I didn't think to sit on the toilet or stand in the bath to minimise the mess, I was just totally frozen into place until my bladder had completely emptied.

I didn't cry as I found it immediately arousing but I knew I had to own up, so I opened the door just slightly and in my smallest voice ever called my best friend and explained what happened. She was super nice about it and we cleaned up together... but, given she is very petite in general and my history as someone who wasn't born a girl, I am several sizes bigger than her and there was no way she could offer me a change of clothes. And so here comes the only part I found humiliating. She had to text her boyfriend and tell him to get a cheap pair of trousers (from a supermarket or similar) on his way to the apartment for me. Now, her boyfriend is someone I've known for a long time, longer than I've known her actually, and he first met me just a short while before my transition. 

Although he's never brought it up at all, it's always been something on my mind a bit, sort of the emasculating idea that I couldn't be the "man" he met me as and I am now way more like his girlfriend in every sense. Like I said it is just something in my head, just part of my personal struggle with identity and feeling like I failed others, he's never indicated that he's thought anything like this at all. But the whole thing with him having to find out about my accident sort of emphasised all these feelings and multiplied them last night, and is the part I didn't enjoy. Otherwise, an unplanned and genuine experience I will for sure cherish.

