Aching to pee in the car

Author: Operatic

*000*2026-01-08 05:34

This is a story from when my family and I were on vacation in Florida when I was about 23. We had visited the Keys for a day and were driving back to our hotel in Miami Beach. My dad had stopped to use the bathroom at a gas station when we were about 90 minutes away, but I hadn’t gone inside, even though I was just starting to feel the urge to pee. I was pretty sure I could comfortably wait until I got to the hotel. I guess I ended up right about being able to wait, but I was far from comfortable for the rest of that car ride.

My bladder wasn’t really getting more urgent - I didn’t feel like it was going to spasm and leak - but it kept getting fuller and fuller. I felt it pressing out on my organs and down on my crotch. I leaned back in the car seat and tried to distract myself. I didn’t want anyone to know that I really needed the toilet. When we were 35 or 40 minutes out, my discomfort finally outweighed my embarrassment. “I need to go to the bathroom,” I said, “can we stop?”

We pulled off the highway at the nearest exit and pulled into a gas station. I got out of the car, my bladder aching with anticipation, and walked towards the gas station building. Closed. We had come too late. I stood still, focusing on calming my churning liquids, while my parents and sister tried to see if there was anywhere else nearby likely to have a public restroom. They came up empty. “Do you think you can make it back to the hotel, or should we stop somewhere else?” my mom asked. “Let’s just go back to the hotel,” I said, partially to save face and partially to avoid another potential waste of my limited holding time.

Sitting down in the car made my bladder twinge unpleasantly. I alternated between spreading my legs and crossing them every few minutes as we drove further on. Eventually, we came to a strip with no exits where the highway bordered the ocean. Now there was no escape, even if I had wanted to change my mind and ask for another stop. I was so anxious about the possibility of wetting the rental car seat that it made my urge to urinate even worse. I fantasized about stopping the car and climbing down the embankment to release a massive warm spot into the ocean, or even just dropping my pants and squatting by the side of the road, gushing out a visibly desperate piss for everyone to see. My dignity held out, though, and thankfully so did my sphincter.

”I’ll drop you off by the front door,” my dad said as we turned down the street to our hotel. While I was relieved that I wouldn’t have to hold it in down to the parking garage and then waddle down the street, I was still embarrassed to have my need called out. I blushed as he pulled up across the street from the hotel entrance.

As I opened my door and stood up, I worried that the force of gravity would make my urgency unbearable, but I paradoxically seemed to find my desperation temporarily lightened. (Later, when I finally made it to the toilet, I saw that the inside of my panties was moist. I think I must have lost a little trickle here without feeling it come out.) I made it across the street and inside the building no problem. As I crossed the lobby, I felt so much more at ease that I considered taking the elevator up to my room and relieving myself there for more privacy.

The elevator and the public bathrooms were in the same direction, and as I got closer it suddenly became clear which door I would need to open. As I walked into the hallway, the aching, full sensation in between my legs returned with a vengeance. I was no longer certain I would make it upstairs without dribbling on the carpet, so I increased my pace towards the women’s room door.

Mercifully, the bathroom was empty as I pushed the door open and walked purposefully into the closest stall. My feet tippy-tapped on the floor in a yearning potty-dance as I rushed to close the stall and lower my pants before letting it all out. My pee-hole finally opened as I was just beginning to lower myself onto the toilet seat, but I managed to get all my pee in the bowl. I sighed with relief as I felt my bladder empty. This was one of the best pees in my life, but such a close call!

