“Accident” at friends house

Author: oopsiwet

*000*2026-02-16 02:14

So I was hanging with a friend today and decided it would be fun to do a hold. (For context he knows about this kink that I have, and likes to occasionally challenge me.) Usually when I get challenged at his house it’s pretty tame and I don’t usually wet unless it’s on purpose. Today I decided to pregame so to speak. I did my morning pee and as I was getting ready to head over I had a cup of coffee and a bottle of water. It’s about an hour drive to his house so I stopped at the gas station and got a soda. I had almost finished the soda by the time I got to his house. I was at about a 5/10 at this time. I went in and we were playing call of duty. Every time I got killed I had to take a big gulp of water. This was making me fill up super fast. 

After about an hour I was getting super desperate like at 8.5/10. Every so often I would have waves of desperation hit that I would have to grab my crotch to keep from leaking. I was trying to not act as desperate as I was. We decided to eat, and with our food my friend made me drink a whole bottle of water. I knew this was going to end poorly. I asked if I could go to the bathroom at this point, trying to play off my now completely full bladder. I was told I wasn’t allowed to yet. I could barely sit still. 

My friend kept teasing me that I was going to have an accident, and at this point I knew he was right. After a few minutes of playing more games I had a spurt shoot out of me. It lasted about a second and left a small mark on my light colored jeans. I told my friend I was about to have an accident. I got told to stay where I was and to drink a few sips of soda. Am at a 10/10 now, I can feel the pee making its way through my urethra. A huge leak came out soaking my crotch. I grabbed myself to try and stop the flow but took a good few seconds to regain control. As punishment for leaking so much I had to chug more water.

Almost as soon as the water hit my bladder the dam completely broke. I couldn’t stop the flow. I completely soaked my underwear and jeans. I had never wet myself that much infront of someone before. It took about a minute before I regained control. I cleaned up with some towels and went back to playing games for a while. After about an hour I suddenly got 10/10 desperate. It came on with no warning. As soon as I stood up I could feel it coming out of me, soaking my jeans again.

After having 2 accidents I decided to change clothes and head home. I changed into grey sweat pants for the drive home. I had almost made it home when I was starting to get desperate again. I pulled in the driveway threw the car in park jumped out and just let it flow. Soaking myself again. I’m still sitting in the wet sweatpants now writing this. Sipping more water, knowing that as weak as my bladder it I’ll have to sleep padded up tonight so I not soak my sheets.

