Should have taken the last exit

Author: Operatic

*000*2026-03-04 05:30

I was driving down the highway on a warm summer afternoon, heading to meet my sister for a hike in a state park, when I started to feel discomfort in my bladder. I really didn’t want to stop, and it wasn’t *that* bad yet, so I decided I would try to hold it until I got to my destination about 45 minutes away. I figured it might be a little unpleasant near the end, but that there would probably be a bathroom near the park entrance that I could go in before finding my sister.

The plan was going well at first. I felt a slight twinge down below when I passed an exit leading to a small town with a gas station, but the urgency dissipated quickly. The second exit I passed just led to another highway. Perhaps because I knew there would be no toilets along that route for a while, it stirred nothing in me. I drove for another minute or two without feeling any more or less uncomfortable.

As I approached the last large town for a while, the sensation of fullness in my bladder increased in intensity. I thought about reconsidering my plan and stopping here before heading out into a rural area where finding a public restroom would be more difficult, but I felt embarrassed about needing to pee halfway through a two-hour drive. I ignored both my body’s desires and the off-ramp.

The next exit wasn’t for 20 miles, and by the time I had driven 10 of them I regretted my decision. My bladder was so packed that I kept having to adjust myself in my seat, and my underwear felt like it had gotten a little moist. The closer I got to the next gas station, the more I worried I would pee my pants before I got there. Part of me wanted to just let it out - I knew it would feel so good - but I didn’t have a change of clothes on me.

I managed to remain continent, aside from a dribble or two, as I approached the next small town. As I turned off the highway, I almost felt relieved already, but I tried not to relax too much. I pulled nervously into the parking lot of the town’s single gas station. If there wasn’t somewhere I could tinkle in here, I would have to go squat in a corn field. There was no way I would be able to hold it until the next exit.

The force of gravity shoved my withheld pee down into my sphincter as I stood up out of the car, briefly making me bend over with painful need. I waddled desperately towards the door, trying to move quickly without spreading my legs too far apart. Mercifully, the bathroom was right ahead when I got inside - no need to ask someone at the counter where it was. Unmercifully, the effort of opening the door had caused me to loose a brief spurt into my underwear, which had now gone from moist to properly wet.

I hurried forward down the candy aisle, through the bathroom door, and into the stall, my pelvic floor pulsing painfully as it tried to keep my pee inside. I danced, fighting the sting in my pee hole as I locked the stall door and unzipped my jeans.

”Unh,” I grunted, trying not to dribble as I sat down on the toilet, but a hot yellow jet escaped from between my legs anyway and spattered on the floor. I lowered myself onto the toilet seat as fast as I could, and the second that my butt made contact, all the liquid that was still trapped inside me made a rush for the exit. I sighed with relief, grateful the bathroom was empty, as a geyser burst out of me.

It felt amazing, but I really should have gotten off at the last exit.

