Accidentally `rapid desperation-ed` myself

Author: OmoL

*000*2026-03-29 16:30

Had an 'incident' recently where I essentially accidentally did rapid desperation without meaning to... I was wearing chinos/trousers, a linen shirt, and a comfy jumper.

I've been started on a new medication that has a side effect of giving me quite a dry mouth. Fortunately that's the only major one I've experienced, but it means that I've been drinking a lot more water than I normally would (I probably wasn't drinking quite enough water beforehand to be fair though 😅), and the other day I had a checkup/review in the afternoon for how it's going.

I spent the morning around the house, had my usual tea with breakfast, and was regularly drinking from and refilling the large glass that I now usually have next to me whenever I'm at home. Because I had a few things to do that morning that required some attention, I was peeing basically whenever I felt the need to make sure I could focus properly without getting distracted. My appointment in the afternoon was on the other side of the city, so I planned to get a taxi there to make sure I got there in time, and then get the more circuitous bus back. I had recently peed before the taxi arrived, but I peed again just in case, and then got in the half an hour ride to the appointment.

I'd been drinking from my water bottle on the way there and needed to pee a little when I arrived, but I didn't want to miss being called for the appointment, so I sat down and waited. It was all on time though, and I was able to use the loos after I came out. The issue was the way home...

I hadn't been to the area before, so by the time I found the bus stop I'd missed the first bus and had to wait about 10 minutes. I knew I'd been drinking a lot of water today, but I figured I'd literally just peed, so I finished off the water bottle while I waited.

About half an hour into the bus ride, I felt the beginning of a need to pee, and suddenly realised what I'd done. I don't know how many times I'd used the bathroom that day so far, but my kidneys were probably in overdrive, and my bladder used to getting relief whenever it wanted.

An hour into the bus drive, and I was getting pretty uncomfortable. I was fidgeting in my seat, and kept crossing my legs one way, then the other. I dont think my need would have been obvious to anyone nearby, but if you were looking for it you'd definitely know I had to pee.

An hour and a half into the bus journey (about 10 minutes from home), and I felt full. I was rocking back and forth slightly, my hands on my lap, desperately wanting to hold myself but feeling way too embarrassed to do so in public. I was doing what I could to be subtle, but I imagine anyone who looked at me could probably tell.

When I finally got off the bus, I had to waddle to get from the stop to my front door, and I spurted in my underwear while going up the stairs to get to the bathroom

